docs: include self-hosted and cloud download reference (#50025)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation.mdx

[Downloads](https://goteleport.com/download/) page for the most up-to-date
information.

> Teleport Enterprise (Managed) provides a Enterprise download page in the Web UI. Select the user name

Author: That's the same name we're using in the rest of this page. Def we have used the cloud ref in other pages.

> Teleport Enterprise (Managed) provides a Enterprise download page in the Web UI. Select the user name

Reviewer: We removed the Vale linter that standardizes product naming, and I'm not sure we really have a standard anymore in the docs. On the Pricing page (https://goteleport.com/pricing/), the one available edition is Enterprise, and the "Deployment" section of the feature list includes "Self-hosted" and "Cloud" options.

I would change this to "Teleport Enterprise provides a download page in the Web UI".

> Teleport Enterprise (Managed) provides a Enterprise download page in the Web UI. Select the user name

Author: ONly the Cloud instance provides a download though. The Enterprise self-hosted does not. You have to go to the account dashboard.

> Teleport Enterprise (Managed) provides a Enterprise download page in the Web UI. Select the user name

Reviewer: 👍 I would be more explicit while describing a way of deploying Teleport Enterprise, rather than an edition name:

```
On cloud-hosted Teleport Enterprise accounts, you can visit a download page in the Web UI.
```

> Teleport Enterprise (Managed) provides a Enterprise download page in the Web UI. Select the user name

Author: Please see update

> Teleport Enterprise (Managed) provides a Enterprise download page in the Web UI. Select the user name

Author: @zmb3 please take a look when you can.

in the upper right and select Downloads from the menu.

> Teleport Enterprise self-hosted customers can access Enterprise downloads and their license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers who self-host Teleport Enterprise can access Enterprise downloads and their license
```
